## We solved this problem: [1800 Gas Station Network](https://medium.com/tabookey/1-800-ethereum-gas-stations-network-for-toll-free-transactions-4bbfc03a0a56)

***

# Harbour-MVP


**Goal:**

- Create a MVP for a decentralised p2p network of **TRUSTED** service node servers that recieves and executes meta-txs
- For any documentation, please add it to our [wiki](https://github.com/Meta-tx/Harbour-MVP/wiki)

**Project coordination**

- To learn, improve or work on about how we manage ourselves, head out to our [PM repository](https://github.com/Meta-tx/PM)

##### We need to decide on a date for the DEVCON roundtable, if you can't make it - we will hopefully livestream. Otherwise, please go through this table to show availability on the day. The meeting will be held during conference hours. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fCoLoDPgwX45CGeoGHBT1HdgZKdxRMhnaUwcXyI3Ljc/edit?usp=sharing

## Current progress: Uploading DEMOs

This is the recommended structure for uploading your video demo of what you have and the recommended contexts of what you add to the video documentation.

[Example demo submission](https://github.com/Meta-tx/Harbour-MVP/blob/master/DEMOS/Demo-example.md)

Once you have created your demo document, please PR it into this repo within the [DEMOs folder](https://github.com/Meta-tx/Harbour-MVP/tree/master/DEMOS). When projects start posting their demo pages, we will have EthMagicians thread where you can post them & discuss.

If you have no clue what this means, please watch [our first community call.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKOtWPopl8Q)

**Roadmap**

| MILESTONE          | What needs to be done by this point                                                                                             | Summary Notes                                                                                                                            | Date of Milestone |   |
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|---|
| Meeting 0          | Define project requirements for MVP. Identify challenges involved in designing the network. Define requirements to standardise. | Attempt to build MVP network with trusted parties. Share a DEMO of what we have and share specifications of what we need to standardise. https://medium.com/@pet3rpan/harbour-mvp-update-1-35ddbbb9e288 | 27th Sept 2018    | âœ“ |
| Meta-tx Roundtable | Analyzed all DEMOs and documented standards. Come prepared to agree on a draft standard by the end of the meeting.              | N/A                                                                                                                                      | 29-2nd Nov 2018   |   |
| -                  | -                                                                                                                               | -                                                                                                                                        | -                 | - |
